- **What to do if EPUB book is not opened in iBooks? How to fix the epub?** #ePub #[[Useful Tip]]
	- The problem:
		- I use Apple iBooks application to read and save my books library. I downloaded ePub book. But it failed to open in Apple iBooks application on macOS saying: `It is formatted incorrectly, or is not a format that Apple Books can open.`
		- I had 2 ideas:
			- Open in another application and if possible re-export it.
			- Or just export to PDF using any online free services
	- Solution
		- I downloaded application called #[[Calibre - ePub reader]] for macOS. What I did there:
			- Imported the damaged book which was opening pretty well without any warning or issues
			- The application provided functionality called `Convert books -> Convert individually`
			- I converted the books as it is without changing any meta data or fields. Also there was an option to choose between V2 and V3 versions of the book. Honestly I didnt know what is the difference them, but I chose V3 just because it is the latest version.
			- And by clicking OK, the app exported the converted book into Calibre library folder (which is by default stored at `$HOME/Calibre Library`) successfully. Now I can open the book in Apple iBooks app.
			- And finally just in case I also converted the damaged ePub to PDF using online service. For example, I used [this](https://www.freepdfconvert.com/epub-to-pdf) service which was able to read the damaged ePub and convert to PDF for free (maybe the first file is free, but who knows)
			-