- ## Development
	- [[Java language]]
		- [[rss-news-feed]]
			- Implemented these functionalities:
				- Implemented Users API functions: createUser, get user by username
				- Implemented Feeds API functions: add feed, get feeds
				- Added some #[[Spring Framework]] libraries since they are more friendly to use. One of them is `spring-jdbc` which provides `JdbcTemplate` to interact with database. It is abstract and very simple to make queries and map data to objects.
				- Also added `flyway-db` for managing migrations.  It can be run when you pass `--migrate` app argument, so it will only run migrations not application.
				- I try to use Java records most of the time to lesser the Lombok usage. Records really provide some out-of-the-box conveniences that Lombok provides.
				- And more other changes and additions. [This](https://github.com/sabyrzhan/rss-news-feed/compare/3315ccdbbdce907056eaba40c090b2d2ec7f61f5...4347c2cd13364ee8724deab07f57695aa2ff80a5?diff=unified) are all my today's changes which can be viewed at GitHub.
			- Currently I am testing the app using #JMeter which I agree is not a true way to test the app.  Each time when you add a new functionality you have to make more actions with your mouse. But very convenient and better than #curl when you are just starting your development. However, starting from next time I decided to add functional tests with #JUnit. Maybe in #TDD way. I liked how #Quarkus provide easy way of writing functional tests with `RestClient`. Maybe I can adopt their library in this app. We'll see.
			- The End.