- ## How to build x86 images on Apple M1? #macOS #Docker
	- Open the Docker Desktop dashboard then open up Preferences (cog icon). Go to “Experimental Features” then turn it on and apply it.
	- Next create a new builder instance with `docker buildx create --use`. This lets you specify multiple docker platforms at once.
	- To build your Dockerfile for typical x86 systems and Apple Silicon Macs, run `docker buildx build --platform linux/amd64,linux/arm64 --push -t <tag_to_push> .`
	- Done. Please note that you have to push directly to a repository if you want Docker Desktop to automatically manage the manifest list for you (this is probably something you want). Read the paragraph above to find out why. 😉
	- Source: https://blog.jaimyn.dev/how-to-build-multi-architecture-docker-images-on-an-m1-mac/
- ## Save disk space by cleaning useless #Docker resources
	- `docker system df` - for disk usage stats
	- `docker image prune --all` - remove all images without at least one container associated to them
	- `docker container prune` - remove all stopped containers
	- `docker builder prune --all` - Remove all unused build cache, not just dangling ones
	- Sources:
		- https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/builder_prune/
	- #macOS #Docker
- https://endoflife.date/ - track iOS, hardware or SaaS service lifecycle, like #iOS, #Windows, #macOS, #AWS and etc
- ## #cheat: archive and extract `tar.gz` #linux
	- Create tar.gz: `tar -czvf projects.tar.gz $HOME/projects/`
	- Extract tar.gz: `tar -xzvf projects.tar.gz -C /tmp/`
	- Unzip into specific dir: `unzip package.zip -d /opt`
- ## #cheat: clean RAM memory in #linux
	- `sudo sync; echo 1 > /proc/sys/vm/drop_caches` - Clearing PageCache
	- `sudo sync; echo 2 > /proc/sys/vm/drop_caches` - Clearing Dentries and Inodes
	- `sudo sync; echo 3 > /proc/sys/vm/drop_caches` - Clearing PageCache, Dentries, and Inodes
	- Source: https://www.tecmint.com/clear-ram-memory-cache-buffer-and-swap-space-on-linux/
- ## Using #SQLite in #golang requires `gcc` and `CGO_ENABLED=1` when building the project:
	- `go get github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3`
- ## #cheat: View systemd latest logs
	- ```
	  journalctl --unit=my.service -n 100 --no-pager
	  ```
- ## #cheat: view each process RAM usage in #linux (use sudo)
	- ```
	  ps -eo size,pid,user,command --sort -size | \
	      awk '{ hr=$1/1024 ; printf("%13.2f Mb ",hr) } { for ( x=4 ; x<=NF ; x++ ) { printf("%s ",$x) } print "" }' |\
	      cut -d "" -f2 | cut -d "-" -f1
	  ```
- ## #SQLite: using AUTOINCREMENT
	- `AUTOINCREMENT` can only be used when you declare one field as `PRIMARY KEY`. For example, `INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT`
- ## #SQLite: there are 2 ways to backup database
	- backup to compressed binary file
		- ```
		  sqlite3 my_database.sq3 ".backup 'backup_file.sq3'"
		  ```
	- backup using in plain SQL statements
		- ```
		  sqlite3 my_database .dump > my_database.back
		  ```
	- with gz compression:
		- ```
		  sqlite3 my_database .dump | gzip -c > my_database.dump.gz
		  zcat my_database.dump.gz | sqlite3 my_database
		  ```
	-
- ## #golang: format date to RFC8601 is achieved using RFC3339
	- ```
	  package main
	  
	  import (
	    "time"
	    "fmt"
	  )
	  
	  func main(){
	    fmt.Println(time.Now().Format(time.RFC3339))
	  }
	  ```
- ## Using #swap in #AWS and #linux
	- The best location for swap IMHO is the instance-store. Why? AWS doesn't charge you for i/o on the instance-store. Besides, the instance-store is more performant than EBS in many cases. Just make sure you have a script that recreates the swap file in case you stop the instance. Reboots are fine.
	- Sources:
		- https://serverfault.com/questions/218750/why-dont-ec2-ubuntu-images-have-swap
		- https://serverfault.com/questions/433703/how-to-use-instance-store-volumes-storage-in-amazon-ec2